{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght1F40000;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red246\green245\blue240;\red13\green11\blue9;
\red13\green11\blue9;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6667\c6667\c6667;\cssrgb\c97255\c96863\c95294;\cssrgb\c5882\c4706\c3137\c63922;
\cssrgb\c5882\c4706\c3137\c92157;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Claude Design Chat:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 ## Rules for all mockups\
\
- Keep the product in the **serious editorial interactive** lane.\
- No neon dashboard language.\
- No MBTI or playful personality-test styling.\
- No radial charts, radar charts, or decorative constellations.\
- Preserve the current noun system: Foundation, Modules, AI Governance, Profile, Atlas, Field Guide.\
- Do not invent new scoring or taxonomy concepts.\
- The design must survive export to PDF and a simple grayscale print.\
- Treat typography, spacing, hierarchy, and card weight as the main tools.\
\
---\
\
carry out: ## Prompt A - Profile desktop concept\
\
Create 3 distinct desktop mock directions for the **top of the Profile page** of an editorial IR and AI worldview interactive.\
\
The page must answer these questions above the fold:\
1. What is my baseline?\
2. What changed most under pressure?\
3. What stayed stable?\
4. What should I open next?\
\
Hard requirements:\
- one dominant visual only\
- the dominant visual should be a horizontal comparison or overlay chart, not a node map\
- keep AI acknowledged early if present, but not as a heavyweight parallel section above the fold\
- use at most 3 small fact chips or stat chips\
- show a short summary paragraph, not a wall of prose\
- keep a CTA row for opening the relevant result pages\
- do not use gradients or decorative emblems for essential meaning\
\
Tone and style:\
- policy-journal interactive\
- clean, modern, typographic\
- premium but restrained\
- closer to serious editorial product than consultant dashboard\
\
Output:\
- 3 clearly different layout directions\
- a short note on why each one would reduce synthesis burden
\f3\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 april 26 IR Worldview Inventory pages pdf-cdcc11d3.pdf\cb1 \
\cb3 repomix-output.xml\cb1 \
\cb3 V11_1_DESIGN_BRIEF.md\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 Claude\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 I'll dig into the brief and existing design context first, then build 3 distinct directions.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs22 \cf4 \cb3 Reading \'d72, Listing files \'d72\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 I'll get oriented on the existing voice (Red Team Memo establishes the editorial tone), peek at the brief notes, then build three desktop directions.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs22 \cf4 \cb3 Searching\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa195\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 I have enough context. The product is an editorial IR & AI worldview interactive with Foundation, Modules, AI Governance, Profile, Atlas, Field Guide. The Red Team Memo's design language (warm paper, Source Serif 4 + IBM Plex Sans/Mono, ink/oxblood/ochre/forest/navy accents, ruled meta grids, severity chips) is the established visual system \'97 I'll carry that into Profile so it feels like the same product.\cb1 \
\cb3 Plan: one HTML file with all 3 directions stacked under labeled section headers + design notes. Each direction is a full-width desktop frame (1440\'d7900-ish) showing only the 
\f1\b \cf5 top of Profile
\f2\b0 \cf4  (above the fold). All three answer the four questions, all three use a single dominant horizontal comparison/overlay chart, all three differ in 
\f5\i how
\f2\i0  that chart works.\cb1 \
\cb3 Three directions:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa65\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Strip Atlas
\f2\b0 \cf4  \'97 single horizontal scale (Competition \uc0\u8594  Coordination dominant axis) with baseline + under-pressure markers per dimension stacked. Editorial, very calm.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Then / Now Overlay
\f2\b0 \cf4  \'97 two thin overlaid ridgelines (baseline vs under-pressure) across all 5 lanes in one continuous strip; movement is the visual.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Anchored Spread
\f2\b0 \cf4  \'97 baseline as a vertical anchor line, dimensions splaying horizontally as deviation bars left/right under pressure (drift chart).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs22 \cf4 \cb3 Writing, Done, Fork verifier agent\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa195\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 Three desktop directions for the top of Profile, all in one file:\cb1 \

\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 01 \'b7 Strip Atlas
\f2\b0 \cf4  \'97 five stacked horizontal scales, baseline (open dot) \uc0\u8596  under-pressure (filled dot) per lane. Eye reads longest link = biggest shift.\cb1 \

\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 02 \'b7 Then / Now Overlay
\f2\b0 \cf4  \'97 two thin lines (solid baseline, dashed under-pressure) across all five lanes in a single chart. Movement is the shape.\cb1 \

\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 03 \'b7 Anchored Spread
\f2\b0 \cf4  \'97 baseline becomes the vertical anchor; lanes show only their deviation as bars left/right. Empty rows = stable lanes.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Each direction includes a short rationale on why it reduces synthesis burden, three small chips, a summary paragraph, AI acknowledged as a thin band (not parallel column), and a CTA row. All hold up in grayscale print.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 You\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 I like direction 3 best, the anchored spread. Maybe instead of "bends" just say "leans" with a "heavily" modified when the delta is big enough to be statistically significant. Instead of "when modules apple pressure", just say "when ____ modules apply" depends on which modules is applying the pressure in which direction. // here is the next prompt: ## Prompt B - Profile mobile concept\
\
Using the strongest desktop direction from the previous mockup, create a mobile adaptation at about **390px width**.\
\
Requirements:\
- the main visual must still dominate the first screen\
- fact chips must wrap cleanly\
- no card should overflow or require horizontal scrolling\
- the layer-relationship section must move below the main chart\
- appendix or evidence content should appear collapsed by default\
- CTA buttons should remain obvious but not oversized\
\
Output:\
- 1 mobile mockup\
- a short list of the structural compromises made from desktop to mobile\
\
---
\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 Claude\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 First I'll edit Direction 3 with the language tweaks, then build the mobile adaptation.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs22 \cf4 \cb3 Editing, Writing, Done, Fork verifier agent\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa195\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 Profile mobile delivered as 
\f1\b \cf5 Profile Mobile \'97 Anchored Spread.html
\f2\b0 \cf4 , with Direction 03 also updated in the desktop file ("leans / leans heavily" + named modules).\cb1 \
\cb3 Mobile recap:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa65\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dominant visual preserved.
\f2\b0 \cf4  Anchored-spread chart owns the first screen; lane label + anchor numbers inlined above each bar, meta below.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Chips wrap cleanly.
\f2\b0 \cf4  Three chips (baseline \'b7 changed most \'b7 stayed stable) replace the desktop fact card.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Layer-relationship moved below the chart
\f2\b0 \cf4 , before the CTA stack.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Three appendix sections collapsed by default
\f2\b0 \cf4 : Evidence log, "Where this result will be wrong," Trust & coverage.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CTAs stacked, 44px hit targets
\f2\b0 \cf4 , three deep \'97 obvious without dominating.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nav becomes a horizontal segmented strip
\f2\b0 \cf4  so all six nouns survive at 390px.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 The full structural-compromise list lives next to the phone in the file itself.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 You\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 remember the rules for all mockups and uploaded files. next prompt: ## Prompt C - AI Atlas browse page\
\
Create 2 design directions for a compact **AI Atlas browse page**.\
\
This page is not the field guide and not the quiz. It is the compact browse map.\
\
Requirements:\
- show six archetypes as browseable cards\
- each card should emphasize: archetype name, one short definition, one nearby neighbor, and 1-2 strongest differentiators\
- do not let cards turn into long essays\
- avoid showing the full long reading shelf on every card\
- use a visual treatment that feels clearly related to the rest of the product\
- keep one obvious route to a richer explanatory page called the AI Field Guide\
\
Tone:\
- compact, credible, high-signal\
- closer to a serious browse shelf than a landing page or dashboard\
\
Output:\
- 2 layout directions\
- a short recommendation about which is better for fast scanning
\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 Claude\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0\fs22 \cf4 \cb3 Writing, Done, Fork verifier agent\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa195\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 Two AI Atlas browse directions delivered in 
\f1\b \cf5 AI Atlas Browse \'97 2 Directions.html
\f2\b0 \cf4 :\cb1 \

\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 01 \'b7 Index Shelf
\f2\b0 \cf4  \'97 calm 3\'d72 gridded cards, library register; uniform cells, same air for every archetype.\cb1 \

\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 02 \'b7 Fingerprint Row
\f2\b0 \cf4  \'97 wider 2-up cards with a small four-row fingerprint (Oversight / Capability / Openness / Multilateral) per archetype.\cb1 \

\f1\b \cf5 \cb3 Recommendation:
\f2\b0 \cf4  
\f1\b \cf5 Fingerprint Row
\f2\b0 \cf4  for fast scanning \'97 the fingerprint encodes differentiators as shape so the eye compares before the prose does. Index Shelf wins if differentiator 
\f5\i language
\f2\i0  matters more than 
\f5\i shape
\f2\i0 .\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Both keep the long reading shelf off every card and route to a single shared "Open AI Field Guide" CTA at the bottom.}